Who we are
IDEAL LEGAL ASSISTANT SERVICES® is a team of highly resourceful and versatile legal professionals with  specialty in diverse areas/branches of law.

WHAT WE DO
we undertake quick, incisive, insightful, and case-decisive legal research and sundry allied services for forward-looking and success-minded 
Litigation Practitioners (Attorneys) and justice-minded judicial officers in Nigeria include:
. Undertaking quick research on any legal subject/issue and complementing same with authorities.
. Drafting Pleadings, Motions Affidavits, and closing Address.
. Analyzing Court Judgments and distillings grounds of appeal therefrom.
. Drafting Appellate briefs.
. Drafting all sundry legal documents.

AT WHAT COST
Our on-demand researches and sundry services come at a reasonable and affordable cost. They are nevertheless negotiable.

PREAMBLE 
There is no gain saying the fact that insightful and case-decisive Legal Research is critical to the practice of every successful Attorney and every justice-minded judicial Officer.
It takes great Industry, vast knowledge, and wide experience on the part of the professional, to effectively undertake this critical aspect
of Litigation practice.

All these qualities and more are what Ideal Legal Assistant Services (ILAS) is offering to the Practitioner/judicial Officer at next to nothing

OUTSOURCING 
your Legal Research needs Ideal Legal Assistant Services (ILAS) not only to deliver research results that secure for you 
a competitive edge over your opponents/colleagues but in addition save you enormous resources, time, and energy.

Outsourcing your Legal Research needs to ILAS is indeed the wise thing to do. Wise men and women are known for making wise decisions.

Engage us today let's build a Legal Research Partnership that guarantees a WIN-WIN situation in your practice

CONTACT US VIA:
E-mail: ideallegalassistants@gmail.com
Phone/Whatsapp: 
Facebook
Address: Plot 170 paul Ekpo Crescent, Shelter Afrique Estate, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria.

motto: Virtual legal Assistant that engenders premium service delivery.